and the lowest attendance of all the
day in the three thousand people in the
tahuichi stadium
I like it
with the Paraguayan Ayala and Salinas moved
with everything in the river ko remains sun made
marca miguel angel towers of and
torrico matías garcía juan maraude
light of justinian led the party
judge gery vargas de oruro let's see
in this game the controversy of the
the guabira team that started
winning to the east just like he did
it's dust and for example the party
front now you can not get back
The match came face entry
had his obligations the team of
blooming with having won a single
match in the season counting league
Winter tournament and South American Cup
that's why it was key for the team
andrada that in spite of fact is not played
an important good match was to add
to three and failed to face with greater
patience and calm the next games
of the gomez center championship diverts
defects Pablo Salinas began at
pressure from the academic team in search of
achieve the result for which they were
fighting center over the area and here
is the controversy of the day of the
ball
intentional about Pablo you go out the
center was for years let's see the play comes out
the archer seems to me an error of
gehry
I want to see him watching the ball
obviously trying to defecate
what you have to do between users
jaime cronenbold hand do not harm
Salinas salinas for nothing before he does not know
but for good fortune on Wednesdays
if you keep the seen the team will
discards that in this championship the league
you also have to rescue the pact of
first as such and won this match
after not the winter cup
american
32 sent 1 to 0 had played
Gomez the game against San Jose
because I was dragging a suspension of
previous championship and then if you had
some arrivals and some intention of
coming out in front was much more obvious
for the extraction team here the
very short clearance of pedraza and the
auction of the Argentine matías garcía that
almost becomes the goal of the
equaled the ceiba if they look towards the
rest in the second half in those
results by Jorge Ortiz brands
jiménez and miguel loayza for salinas in
the running team that was dedicated to
endure that difference another option to
will take the shot that comes from outside
of the area on the part of gil for nothing that
had entered Puerto Rico end of
that jose alfredo castle will form
darts
highlights another short clearance of pedraza
other times the bad intervention
in a moment he loses sight of the
things does not come with having been expelled
Two new Jorge Ortiz of records
of bloom in the 83rd minute plugin will return
to be later until the expulsion of
ortiz
for that clear hard bad entry
intention
wheel of violence against him
stop said that locates us as local
in front of sport boys on Sunday equal
lambaré
national potosí without sleeping